docs: document instance settings environment variables (LIGO-460) (#4542)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: _snippets/self-hosting/configuration/environment-variables/settings-env-vars/instance-owner.md

> | Variable | Type | Default | Description |

Reviewer: On all of the instance settings. Should we mention which version of n8n they became available on?

Author: Good point I'll add that 👍

Author: updated 👍

| :------- | :--- | :------ | :---------- |

> | `N8N_INSTANCE_OWNER_MANAGED_BY_ENV` | Boolean | `false` | Set to `true` to manage the instance owner from environment variables. When `true`, n8n applies the owner variables on every startup, locks the matching UI controls, and rejects API writes. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `N8N_INSTANCE_OWNER_MANAGED_BY_ENV` | Boolean | `false` | Set to `true` to manage the instance owner from environment variables. When `true`, n8n overwrites the instance owner details below on every startup, locks the UI control for that user, and rejects API writes. |
```

| `N8N_INSTANCE_OWNER_EMAIL` | String | - | Email address for the instance owner. |
| `N8N_INSTANCE_OWNER_FIRST_NAME` | String | - | First name for the instance owner. |

> | `N8N_INSTANCE_OWNER_LAST_NAME` | String | - | Last name for the instance owner. |

Author: In the implementation these don't have a default value. I've updated the Linear ticket to remove those default values
